chesstime/README.md, before:

# Fill The Grid
## Problem
You have a grid with N rows and M columns. You have two types of tiles — one of dimensions 2 \times 2×2 and the other of dimensions 1 \times 1×1. You want to cover the grid using these two types of tiles in such a way that:

Each cell of the grid is covered by exactly one tile; and
The number of 1 \times 1×1 tiles used is minimized.
Find the minimum number of 1 \times 11×1 tiles you have to use to fill the grid.

### Input Format
The first line of input will contain a single integer T, denoting the number of test cases.
Each test case consists of a single line containing two space-separated integers N, MN,M.
### Output Format
For each test case, print on a new line the minimum number of 1 \times 1×1 tiles needed to fill the grid.

### Constraints
1 <= N, M <= 1000
 
### Sample 1:
#### Input
4
1 1
4 5
6 8
3 2

#### Output
1
4
0
2

### Explanation:
Test case 11: There is only one square in the grid, and it must be filled with a single 1 \times 11×1 tile.

Test case 22: One way of tiling the grid using 1\times 11×1 tiles exactly 44 times is as follows:

Test case 33: One way of tiling the grid using no 1\times 11×1 tiles is as follows:

Test case 44: One way of tiling the grid using 1\times 11×1 tiles exactly twice is:

Commit message:

[DOC]: added readme chess time

chesstime/README.md, after:

# Chess Time
## Problem
Chef has recently started playing chess, and wants to play as many games as possible.

He calculated that playing one game of chess takes at least 2020 minutes of his time.

Chef has NN hours of free time. What is the maximum number of complete chess games he can play in that time?

### Input Format
The first line of input will contain a single integer TT, denoting the number of test cases.
Each test case consists of a single line containing a single integer, NN.

### Output Format
For each test case, output on a new line the maximum number of complete chess games Chef can play in NN hours.

### Constraints
1 <= N <= 10
 
### Sample 1:
#### Input
4
1
10
7
3

#### Output
3
30
21
9

### Explanation:
Test case 11: If every game Chef plays takes 2020 minutes, he can play 33 games in one hour.

Test case 22: If every game Chef plays takes 2020 minutes, he can play 3030 games in 1010 hours.

Test case 33: If every game Chef plays takes 2020 minutes, he can play 2121 games in 77 hours.

Test case 44: If every game Chef plays takes 2020 minutes, he can play 99 games in 33 hours.
